Make sure to delete custom domain DNS secret after running tests (#17360)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/components/api-gateway/README.md

## Usage for custom-domain test suite

### Set the custom domain environment variables

If you are using Gardener, make sure that your Kubernetes cluster has the `shoot-cert-service` and `shoot-dns-service` extensions enabled. The desired shoot specification is mentioned in the description of this [issue](https://github.com/kyma-project/control-plane/issues/875).
Obtain a service account access key with permissions to maintain custom domain DNS entries and export it as a JSON file. To learn how to do it, follow this [guide](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-create-delete).

Set the following environment variables:

> - `TEST_DOMAIN` - your default Kyma domain, e.g. `c1f643b.stage.kyma.ondemand.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TEST_DOMAIN` - your default Kyma domain, for example, `c1f643b.stage.kyma.ondemand.com`
```

> - `TEST_CUSTOM_DOMAIN` - your custom domain, e.g. `custom.domain.build.kyma-project.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TEST_CUSTOM_DOMAIN` - your custom domain, for example, `custom.domain.build.kyma-project.io`
```

> - `TEST_SA_ACCESS_KEY_PATH` - the path to the service account access key exported as a JSON file, e.g. `/Users/user/gcp/service-account.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TEST_SA_ACCESS_KEY_PATH` - the path to the service account access key exported as a JSON file, for example, `/Users/user/gcp/service-account.json`
```
